feat: [IDP-3578]: Enhanced the RBAC docs (#7751)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/rbac/resources-roles.md

### Catalog Access Policies

These policies are available apart from the above platform level RBAC, and can be used to overwrite the platform level RBAC for Catalog Entities. These are available under **Access Control** in **ADMIN** tab.

![](./static/access-control.png)

#### Use cases:

1. In case you want to restrict the creation and management of workflows for a specific user group, you can do so by selecting the specific user group name from the dropdown followed by the disabling the **Create** under **Software Catalog permissions for all users to Create entity**.

![](./static/rbac-admin-usecase.png)

### Hide Catalog Entities

Catalog Entities can be hidden from the users, except for the owner user-group by using either one of the `hidden`,`secrets` or `private` tag as shown in the example below.

```YAML
apiVersion: backstage.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: my-new-service
  description: Description of my new service
  tags:
    - hidden
spec:
  type: service
  lifecycle: production
  owner: team-a
```

> ## RBAC in Workflows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access Control for Self Service Workflows
```

### View Access

> Every user in the account will have view access to the workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every user in the account has view access to all the Workflows in IDP. There is an upcoming [feature request](https://developer.harness.io/roadmap/#idp) to remove view access if the user does not have view access of the pipelines powering up the Workflow.
```

> ### Edit and Run Access

Reviewer: @Debanitrkl need to split Edit access and Execute separately. Edit is again done at the YAML level. Use the same texts from Catalog Edit above.

Author: Sure let me separate that out
